What 50,000 ocean?
In half a month, it became 100,000 ocean
This time thanks to Thrush's tobacco business
As long as we can make the tobacco business do this
The whole boutique
At that time, it will be under the control of our Gu family.
From now on, we will do tobacco business at Gu Family
In the whole boutique city, people have become first-class nobles
That being said
But
To master the tobacco business of the entire boutique city
Our Gu family's funds are still a little short
Less mother
Although our Gu family has a lot of funds
But not all of it.
If you can get some investment
Maybe it can solve the urgent need
Invest in goldfish
Our Gu family suffered a big disaster this time
Only tobacco business
To bring our family back to life
You are the wife of the Gu family
You should take responsibility.
We're still short of funding.
I want you to go back and ask your parents to fund it
Lin Jia was sentenced to house raiding for allegedly buying and selling tobacco and bamboo
old woman
previous life
Because Qin Huomei was making the Gu family sell tobacco
Find our Lin family because of funding problems
The thing that finally led to the smoke and frost
My Lin family has become a scapegoat instead
Now Gu Beichen and Qin Zhuomei are involved in the tobacco business
I want to drag my neighbor into the water
This time you take care of your family
Will eat the evil country